There's one more thing we're going to do inside of our custom listener right now, inside of On Message,
we are referencing properties on this data argument that we know do not exist.
So we want to somehow get TypeScript to complain to us and say name doesn't exist and cost does not
exist.
To do so, we're going to change the type of data right here away from any.
We're going to say that the type of data coming into on message is going to be equal to the type of
ticket created events, data, property.
So remember inside of ticket, create a event as an interface.
We said that this thing was going to have some data that was going to be an ID, a title and a price.
What's more, inside of base listener.
So here's base listener.
We said that whenever we made use of listener, we were going to provide some type argument to it.
And we said that the first argument to on message was going to be equal to that type arguments data.
So in our case, the type argument to listener is ticket created event.
So we are essentially saying that the first argument to data right here.
Is that it is an object that's going to have an ID, a title and a price.
So we need to update this type annotation right here from any to instead reference that data off of
the ticket created event interface.
Long story short, we're going to replace any with ticket created event at data like so.
This is now going to enforce TypeScript or get TypeScript to enforce some type checking on the properties.
We try to access on this data argument so we can no longer access these properties that don't actually
exist like name and cost, but we can access properties that do exist such as ID and you'll even notice
I'm getting that nice autocomplete now title.
And price.
So now TypeScript is going to yell at us any time we try to access properties that don't exist, which
is exactly what we wanted.
Now you might look at this and say, Stephen, is this actually doing any type checking?
How are we able to replace any with this and get everything working?
Well, take a look at this.
Let me show you what our greatest fear is.
Our greatest fear is that we might accidentally define some interface, such as fake data.
And say this is something that has a name that's a string and a cost, that is a number.
And we might accidentally think that this data argument is of type fake data.
So this would be an example where we make a typo or something like that.
We do too much copy pasting and we apply an incorrect annotation to data.
If we try to put that on, we're then going to get a big air specifically around on message.
So remember, we are extending this listener base class.
TypeScript is going to look at the data portion of this ticket created event interface.
And it's going to make sure that we receive the first argument to on message as that data or the data
portion of that interface.
And so if we try to apply any other type to that argument, we're going to end up with an error.
So I'd say that this is working as expected.
TypeScript is making sure that we always put in the correct type for the data argument, so we must
put in ticket created event data like so.
Okay.
So that is pretty much it.
Now I know the changes we made are all they seem really confusing.
They might seem pointless, but the whole point here is that now we have reduced the number of times
that we referred to plain strings inside of our listener, and we also have something to make sure that
we can only refer to the correct properties inside of this incoming piece of data from NAT streaming
server.
So this is going to dramatically reduce the possibility of us making typos, misspelling property names
or anything like that.
The other thing you might be kind of confused about is what portions of our code inside of here are
going to be written inside of our individual services versus, say, the common module.
Let's take a quick pause right here and start to address that question in the next video.